# DIF Identifiers & Discovery WG â€“ Rolling Agenda & Minutes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/b-x6jEpMSOm5HiILrkC1oA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/b-x6jEpMSOm5HiILrkC1oA)

[**WG projects** ](https://github.com/search?p=2&q=topic%3Awg-id+org%3Adecentralized-identity+fork%3Atrue&type=Repositories) | [ DIF page ](https://identity.foundation/working-groups/identifiers-discovery.html) | [Mailing list and Wiki ](https://lists.identity.foundation/g/id-wg) | [Recordings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wgccmMvIImx30qVE9GhRKWWv3vmL2ZyUauuKx3IfRmA/edit#gid=111226877)

_For this call, you are encouraged to turn your video on. This is a good way to build rapport given we are a large, disparate group experiencing a lot of churn._

_This document is live-edited DURING each call, or shortly after the call, and stable/authoritative copies live on our github repo under /agenda.md .
Please note that we might not notice a pullrequest in time, but you are free to propose agenda items for future meetings via hackmd._

<details>
<summary> Meeting information - <b>Bi-weekly Mondays 1400 ET</b></summary>

- Before your contribute - [**join DIF**](https://identity.foundation/join) and [sign the WG charter](https://bit.ly/DIF-WG-select1) (both are required!)
- Time: Every other Monday, 14:00-15:00 ET
- [Calendar entry](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWwzYmI3Y2c0aG9qdmt1Z2kxYzRtM2hsbjNfMjAyMTA5MjdUMTgwMDAwWiBkZWNlbnRyYWxpemVkLmlkZW50aXR5QG0&tmsrc=decentralized.identity%40gmail.com&scp=ALL)
- [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81528204613?pwd=eStBK1cxNFpwWU9SaHcwMEVUbzNpZz09), Meeting ID: 81528204613,
Passcode: 908914
</details>

### Special Work Item Calls:

In addition to the regular I&D WG meetings, we also hold Work Item Calls dedicated to individual
work items. Any work item lead can organize Work Item Calls about their work item.

<details>
<summary> Linked VP Work Item Call - <b>Every second Thursday of the month 1900 CET</b></summary>

<br>This weekly Work Item Call is dedicated to the [Linked Verifiable Presentations](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp) work item.
We discuss issues related to the specification, and how the Work Item could related to other technologies.

[Meeting invite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/main/calendar/linked-vp-work-item-call.ics) | [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85354994850?pwd=ZHRpaDQrZ2YzYnFmUE51eitkMjZiZz09)

- **Work Item Call - 13 Jun 2024 - (1900CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/AWN1MQJNhmAF5rNzuggiOfH2bymQIkOn61uhlvWULQc3GVMk_aANpVnolI4jlyD1.Ld12HTMGqtis8kCo)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 09 May 2024 - (1900CET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 11 Apr 2024 - (1900CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/K6qC1H1THwumKe6w3bqg56I-CWiiTLbFltxitgtJY4dRJzAVWr2k8p77fbKlvZea.6_pqpg22mYOuXvDF)
- **Work Item Call - 14 Mar 2024 - (1900CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/YoBV2DTQOWq_NeyL-Nk8MNePlJUPsSuJuHNMWnj6bFt5lm_5RwvBFxV6EtfdJlzi.3R5B_VqiRmiKyKvI)
- **Work Item Call - 08 Feb 2024 - (1900CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/CJO5OEsG0HD-UKWHyc1vru4etCSj4oLh_ULcPrF4sVkUIS6P8lkvreGGw-f4g4pk.OUK522O1lZMYGcC4)
- **Work Item Call - 11 Jan 2024 - (1900CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/x5vFvu8xsft9uKeyyRBs8onjzc9biozqv1xEn0ywV9gCNmGRuPo_I5O6YEKR26eZ.0e4Y2t2D0Si58wQn)
- **Work Item Call - 14 Dec 2023 - (1900CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/4IcFjxBVW1nQ_YrsfP46xuRTeh1pBEPznhPUzcFhDRe6kKwaQXVZpu4wPPXGM1jZ.hRseb3rl-lsL4ryN)
</details>

<details>
<summary> Universal Resolver Work Item Call - <b>Wednesdays 0800 ET (discontinued)</b></summary>

<br>This weekly Work Item Call is dedicated to the [Universal Resolver](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver) work item.
We discuss policy and governance topics (e.g. when to add/remove drivers), as well
as technical topics (e.g. integration with the W3C DID test suite, monitoring, analytics, etc.).

[Meeting invite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/main/calendar/universal-resolver-work-item-call.ics) | [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/83029438561?pwd=dzZpYzMySGdpQnRncTFxbFg1ZjJUQT09)

- **Work Item Call - 19 May 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/gU4S2ZRjfKxHNw4xSiylM9qlD5Lnf65useyJUEs5Jy4q8CP1c98TRPvmfMIMoVVQ.PBhEO6h_Fju-G9kN)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 26 May 2021 - (1300ET)**~~ cancelled
- **Work Item Call - 02 Jun 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/m30LrqPdUe03VAM1fIGDHoZztTT2MEMySZOKkEUjYtXSjWhvlLvibWQnROd9udzH.Df6Rw9_uu-b-0NHP)
- **Work Item Call - 09 Jun 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/SsfLWoGWIdPZoNW054NOMnrTuBSloqyWY25f_lG0SmoI-LavAjTur4-hkArV4Nw8.R53smQhMCqE1yeaf)
- **Work Item Call - 16 Jun 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/k7LXFvoDdbcAtk_ez9jzJinxv07GDF6vbXfjlueaXsSNKosNCBgaDnkQGpa1U7o1.qUwQkl_8-nwSQE_R)
- **Work Item Call - 23 Jun 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/yHB0xVwh212ZPl-hv9bJ0tDn5nVlGZbbwSNmmO2Q9cBz0KJHMN5j8pDPnLohOpOF.CAu2fXyMPboKrYO-)
- **Work Item Call - 30 Jun 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/8au79lxjKT7dnpsUhR2ad8WTP0qXpo9YbUwzip-waCYD4p89x0Bdm9MA2GIdvKc.JcjvtJvkCJ5GTiOC)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 07 Jul 2021 - (1300ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 14 Jul 2021 - (1300ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/ZTTv75NlrhIGbcOmpS8JEvtMP67wZm5k1U3XeZvRdtL_3qtBT3V8zCQB-HMqKIhj.obNppUIwXbcFMhYI)
- **Work Item Call - 21 Jul 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/LcXVEBOkOHWkia3NcLdYYL7NGK57hhPVAbMUmasQDh8YKFiqPntYiK80ae7nyRHs.xwBFCmONkg5YunoV)
- **Work Item Call - 28 Jul 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/ura7E0oR3fe8buaN4LGVl1cs3o3NuXxi7zbExfmsBH2L6giWAHjRdUVz3ibDOSxa.CYOHFAePO5TPsGlK)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 04 Aug 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ summer break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 11 Aug 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ summer break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 18 Aug 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ summer break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 25 Aug 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ summer break
- **Work Item Call - 01 Sep 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/LifNSL7-djkkS6qGoINB9a8a6aNqOaCJxa-1dxAS8jFCaAWu2PDjnu2Q_-TgSE9M.H4eqZSH95ifHl2TS)
- **Work Item Call - 08 Sep 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/QJUFRzjgb9L7GdPBQUHwdwd3wTbofKrmkiG1_3JZeWAgvFqrUuUr8pmOrd4mj0zt.hZa4IkYLWBw4f8qJ)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 15 Sep 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 22 Sep 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 29 Sep 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/In8L_5iaOeWU4GJKCl4KgBs_LYAMtXEtN_wVGbXWMnT2f2JzWwuxuacJUQimoL58.mTVSUmkvTMrK1Dc2)
- **Work Item Call - 06 Oct 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/YxkMHdhOESfxpl9bSr7EgQFa5_ss-CdYzAChxnsCtRJ9Mr9_kfDZps2sXKavjXx9._XOQSKcD8R5ITBmj)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 13 Oct 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 20 Oct 2021 - (0800ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 27 Oct 2021 - (0800ET)**
- ...
</details>

<details>
<summary> DID Registration Work Item Call - <b>Wednesdays 1100 CET (discontinued)</b></summary>

<br>This weekly Work Item Call is dedicated to the [DID Registration](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-registration/) work item.
We discuss scope and high-level architectural questions, work on the specification, and
analyze other, related initiatives and specifications.

[Meeting invite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/main/calendar/did-registration-work-item-call.ics) | [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81276502883?pwd=T0xjbFJBOGt5a1AwT2g1UEdjWkYrUT09)

- **Work Item Call - 19 May 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/ee3b1CqZgI4bfA8ZvmddODatOPtWeqIYFbvHj310qldOT_E8frALAeWUk6Up_l_P.agVflxq2SmlqYVy_)
- **Work Item Call - 26 May 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/L_olCmrip_yPuljh4-x-abgb6M2tcoq8J7X7XGBhd4VX7ijMhXGZIO6FsScwIydJ.8df1mvh5CVRqboaD)
- **Work Item Call - 02 Jun 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/uA3AIY-WaNpqFKFfivWxBSqiDaFrCR1aT5f-5PP-dRXjABdb0kCTbWS-guWhQEYL.LHVq1O_IIwjKZvW3)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 09 Jun 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 16 Jun 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ rescheduled to 18 Jun 2021 - (0800ET)
- **Work Item Call - 18 Jun 2021 - (0800ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/qagCATFF_inys86jiGJ5GuWnY9RKa8Q5tAKPTi5Xf85ydo5VDR0CTPnW6yQxNrmC.qOH6wkLHWKCpAlFs)
- **Work Item Call - 23 Jun 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/bAzJx8mSadr5z9x0tHiXmBRuzHp9fjsc4RaSo8F4UCgxO16mQ014VJHVDsp0bJGl.p64_47VKZRUvkMRf)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 30 Jun 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 07 Jul 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 14 Jul 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/B6JuiLhZiFzvBPkNJuf6rjo2YxkdukzDJLKYMSTxCJF3MNpKyFjV_RJXTUgkmrOz.V7l9p9orwUxLvLPS)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 21 Jul 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 28 Jul 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 04 Aug 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ summer break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 11 Aug 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ summer break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 18 Aug 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ summer break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 25 Aug 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ summer break
- **Work Item Call - 01 Sep 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/MY3QmDLDlrzVho_9drCqE3tVZxA1Yc_O7L9jBhiSqAPb61XNAdoudCncrSXvB0Co.m6Fzos_exL_ceebw)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 08 Sep 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 15 Sep 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 22 Sep 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/YjqsSZvNt6K51AhxxCYbTih18TlCuNbkDTpOk51tD-TVjjjKOybVl_pVax9Hs2B3.w0-JUY0a__ajY8be)
- **Work Item Call - 29 Sep 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/5Tj-JXlDl2Q9zsg5OZzOKvbGmb_OxVXEoV-ADuHDavywIxYbnJeJwYVEEEg0fKT2.ahsmZIzZCd5s4UDu)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 06 Oct 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 13 Oct 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 20 Oct 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 27 Oct 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/Tl6YL62I-ryVn5nmm8DJhXGX_-VQxDkW8Gj8GOcSxdn8BjL_Ykmp1NV8ohYNriea.dcneoLAVB1rmYZOt)
- **Work Item Call - 03 Nov 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/1kb9slieOjcMkP2IIjoMORXJfqyJSPvECVdG5747c94Q0OE2nym3rH_yMClmDFqm.J2T6pSvjVCMe4gzq)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 10 Nov 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 17 Nov 2021 - (1030ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/kCCnqcToYGmi49qgJWwMkhmtKJ-iR6K-_bwtnlRDEaxsV_JYpaumJjshlyXvF8q_.JBUi03q2XO4qjRBJ)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 24 Nov 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 01 Dec 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 08 Dec 2021 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/_m722uOkFtanxQEusE97aKJHDnjqN4Cf0w-yqE9YxW2L8poLi_KvJNVOiq8YFSRM.oFQDB26PUGdlWpGP)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 15 Dec 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ winter break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 22 Dec 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ winter break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 29 Dec 2021 - (1000ET)**~~ winter break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 05 Jan 2022 - (1000ET)**~~ winter break
- ~~**Work Item Call - 12 Jan 2022 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 19 Jan 2022 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 26 Jan 2022 - (1000ET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/t-GgzYdUOVMymQCt3NVsySUJ9AdOhm6AL2eab2Kav0PlCV7jV2lkdipC9giri7_o.DkHPvwYJmkcxBWg4)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 02 Feb 2022 - (1000ET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 09 Feb 2022 - (1100CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/t-QjAnQoD1aQmRM5EHpfadhlUpgVuVUXTSs2MFAh3H7wzXrh91lFlYBKi0kRbJWH.zaIAjuf9P_hg8ouS)
- **Work Item Call - 16 Feb 2022 - (1100CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/M6rPqP1mFmtbOhImhqYSSXU7wktGDfCBcUpi1K-ZO7PMLkerHmEHnPRGxoDJ425H.n9aJSQ3wcDMu2Dn6)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 23 Feb 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 02 Mar 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 09 Mar 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 16 Mar 2022 - (1100CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/RwWPrFMMYHSalkYn_DpCEUgVgeFuSmRh2U2byfyx25aYPS1vy1ukKIaQsunY4CG7.Rf8gDUyw8ZYvTxLM)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 23 Mar 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 30 Mar 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 06 Apr 2022 - (1100CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/rTrzOM_nxTlscUkpXSQAUyviUiyKQOzNnyNtFN9BUtcTwoY1N4bvowZuzTYH-6EW.gsq2HoY4unD2thHR)
- **Work Item Call - 13 Apr 2022 - (1100CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/dExlgV6eXqL7r0BMasopmaJ82w824vrYNs2D-QNWWq3KNbZ80HUJdafVAybG3n_7.t7lE0nbSDo7pFVF3)
- **Work Item Call - 20 Apr 2022 - (1100CET)** [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/z_q8mkY1yPG3GzurYnGfh9y9h_oLMiTD8hJiRUhSQbpZmSlBxH-D3FoRrV66vo0Z.Fmg4r0ErBlTQtmhQ)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 27 Apr 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled (due to IIW)
- ~~**Work Item Call - 04 May 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 11 May 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- ~~**Work Item Call - 18 May 2022 - (1100CET)**~~ canceled
- **Work Item Call - 25 May 2022 - (1100CET)**
- ...
</details>

## *Draft* Meeting - 15 Jul 2024 - (1400 ET) [TODO recording]()

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. Update: DID Traits, update on discussion with ToIP and OpenWallet Foundation
3. Review: ID WG [work items](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/blob/main/README.md)
4. Proposal: ID WG Survey
5. TODO
10. Other topics?

### Attendees

* TODO

## Meeting - 01 Jul 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/kl3jcCy_gWE2HPClOZQjuFZCIX5hryZ8DQKgH23PgPmVTGqNP9_Nb-uTvtixe8R0.UYFQTZP69ITPSk8D)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Linked-VP work item approved by Steering Committee
6. New Co-chair proposal JC Ebersbach
7. Updates on DID Traits
8. Response by DIF to EUDI Wallet Architecture Reference Framework
9. ID WG summer meeting schedule
10. Other topics?

### Attendees

* JC Ebersbach
* Kim Hamilton Duffy
* Markus Sabadello

## Meeting - 17 Jun 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/F-M4hwsNihOSIui_cJNN_bZiJVWgUy-7h-iPKfqJqiIbRYp9ThGWqoBjOybSl63y.OPAYW3ZRbSXHAxlV)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. New work item for describing DID method functionalities ("DID Traits"), e.g.
   - Can DIDs be updated/deactivated?
   - Is it possible to view the history of a DID (using versionId, versionTime)?
   - Is the DID always resolvable without extra information?
   - Is it possible to enumerate all DIDs that exist globally?
   - Also see here, initial work by JC Ebersbach: https://gist.github.com/jceb/8e37e4900e815eb14b207ad7e8d02a6c
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* JC Ebersbach
* Rob Aaron
* Victor Lu
* Markus Sabadello

## Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 13 Jun 2024 - (1900 CET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/AWN1MQJNhmAF5rNzuggiOfH2bymQIkOn61uhlvWULQc3GVMk_aANpVnolI4jlyD1.Ld12HTMGqtis8kCo)

[Meeting invite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/main/calendar/linked-vp-work-item-call.ics) | [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85354994850?pwd=ZHRpaDQrZ2YzYnFmUE51eitkMjZiZz09)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Work Item - Linked Verifiable Presentations: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Jan Christoph Ebersbach
* Rob Aaron
* Markus Sabadello

## Meeting - 03 Jun 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/PqMVfvjRUQk1HexgPTpHXNeQ-6DLXldjTzNrSfylyEvdw1TbJQxQ-1h-lRhUUIX5.M9a_NWXUfEGOPGyj)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Important attributes when comparing DID methods, see thread https://difdn.slack.com/archives/C4WED8JSH/p1714988601534219?thread_ts=1714988601.534219&cid=C4WED8JSH
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* JC Ebersbach
* Rob Aaron
* Markus Sabadello

## ~~Meeting - 20 May 2024 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## ~~Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 09 May 2024 - (1900 CET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 06 May 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/jKXjiNLY7Hv9dTfJfMjjNdXbek0hGDGtv2gk0SMuNem3Ch9covm9csMLU0kwsESU.gUMDuHUCuqmECpFM)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [MG] Updates from GoPlausible about a universal DID resolver with extra features
5. [ezequiel] Key rotation, and identifying specific versions
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* M G
* ezequiel
* Rob Aaron
* Markus Sabadello

## Meeting - 22 Apr 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/uyFPBbcHesiDsfa47EP5yqgN0dzvPUq_Bk2Fy0v5Yx6FYWX-MfkfA9TLP0CZS8dA.QkdHmcInTq4Az4ob)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [MG] Next steps for Universal DID resolver on ChatGPT
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* M G
* Markus Sabadello
* Oleksandr Brezhniev

## Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 11 Apr 2024 - (1900 CET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/K6qC1H1THwumKe6w3bqg56I-CWiiTLbFltxitgtJY4dRJzAVWr2k8p77fbKlvZea.6_pqpg22mYOuXvDF)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Work Item - Linked Verifiable Presentations: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/uyFPBbcHesiDsfa47EP5yqgN0dzvPUq_Bk2Fy0v5Yx6FYWX-MfkfA9TLP0CZS8dA.QkdHmcInTq4Az4ob

## Meeting - 08 Apr 2024 - (1400 ET)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [JCEbersbach]Â Status update on Linked VP Work Item: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. [MG] Alternatives to Universal Resolver/Registrar in other languages
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* 

## ~~Meeting - 25 Mar 2024 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled due to Easter holidays

## Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 14 Mar 2024 - (1900 CET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/YoBV2DTQOWq_NeyL-Nk8MNePlJUPsSuJuHNMWnj6bFt5lm_5RwvBFxV6EtfdJlzi.3R5B_VqiRmiKyKvI)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Work Item - Linked Verifiable Presentations: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Jan Christoph Ebersbach

## Meeting - 11 Mar 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/1YzmkDJGU2M6knfrruPvudrD0OsZDa5KE5O__9JrS43nx21ZqOWNqTnAzxWVrs7F.QiYEpSalGLN-ZMJX)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
5. [DanielB] Update on potential `did:dht` Work Item: https://did-dht.com/
6. [JCEbersbach] Update on Linked VP Work Item: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
4. [AndorK] Work on service profiles: https://github.com/trustoverip/tswg-trust-registry-service-profile, https://service-profiles.andor.us/
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* andor
* Limari Navarrete
* Rob Aaron
* Tom Jones

## Meeting - 26 Feb 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/1PbkewJiExDFXClQvgidOZGc0Gbsumu7KIRSzvdOpd2ocPZcwErEIxLTFDjNSsVk.oWPFpITt3VE25vSi)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [AndorK] Announcement about work on service profiles: https://github.com/trustoverip/tswg-trust-registry-service-profile
5. [DanielB] Proposed new `did:dht` Work Item: https://did-dht.com/
6. [JCEbersbach] Review of Linked VP Work Item: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Daniel Buchner
* Jan Christoph Ebersbach (Identinet)
* andor
* Tom Jones
* Brian Richter
* Markus Sabadello

## ~~Meeting - 12 Feb 2024 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 08 Feb 2024 - (1900 CET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/CJO5OEsG0HD-UKWHyc1vru4etCSj4oLh_ULcPrF4sVkUIS6P8lkvreGGw-f4g4pk.OUK522O1lZMYGcC4)

[Meeting invite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/main/calendar/linked-vp-work-item-call.ics) | [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85354994850?pwd=ZHRpaDQrZ2YzYnFmUE51eitkMjZiZz09)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Work Item - Linked Verifiable Presentations: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* 

## Meeting - 29 Jan 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/KcXkQweaUQDqndLckLEFjSOgciVPLL_Dyzv_ESiLoTVJ4ay83zlGLoteljrVCjKi.0REubghXDBgqlmhi)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [MarkusS, ChristophF] Update on DID Rotation, and integration with Universal Resolver/Registrar
5. [FrankH, MarkusS] Work at TBD / Block related to DID Registration spec (https://identity.foundation/did-registration/)
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Frank Hinek
* George Padvorac
* Rob Aaron
* Christoph Fabianek

## Meeting - 15 Jan 2024 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/XJyQp837f2ARUhDebbeeBwnmPfi_eWgM7iMWNdQLhlyDtuPxfvxxCzGz8mHRyflT.z8PvKndThiVCm7_c)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Christoph] DID Rotation, integration with Universal Resolver/Registrar
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Christoph Fabianek
* Rob Aaron
* Victor Lu
* Kabir Maiga
* Markus Sabadello
* Nikos Fotiou

## Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 11 Jan 2024 - (1900 CET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/x5vFvu8xsft9uKeyyRBs8onjzc9biozqv1xEn0ywV9gCNmGRuPo_I5O6YEKR26eZ.0e4Y2t2D0Si58wQn)

[Meeting invite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/main/calendar/linked-vp-work-item-call.ics) | [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85354994850?pwd=ZHRpaDQrZ2YzYnFmUE51eitkMjZiZz09)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Work Item - Linked Verifiable Presentations: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Jan Christoph Ebersbach (identinet)
* Brian Richter
* George Padvorac
* Markus Sabadello
* Tom Jones

## ~~Meeting - 01 Jan 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled due to New Year holiday

## Meeting - 18 Dec 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/GSH3RdSKpNojitalL_CQGM2hctRvSzCUwlncwpThw3CohjCcwrUuoaqpq5LM0gAY.veFu_sMVDeTrf_ec)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Christoph] DID Rotation
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Christoph Fabianek
* Tom Jones
* Victor Lu

## Work Item Meeting - Linked Verifiable Presentations - 14 Dec 2023 - (1900 CET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/4IcFjxBVW1nQ_YrsfP46xuRTeh1pBEPznhPUzcFhDRe6kKwaQXVZpu4wPPXGM1jZ.hRseb3rl-lsL4ryN)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Work Item - Linked Verifiable Presentations: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Limari
* Jan Christoph Ebersbach
* Brian Richter

## Meeting - 04 Dec 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/tsPc-P205Vj5Fwddy8VcJO83ZLyIBJrjt18zzYTBKxjY6XcBpOm31VBXXcSy7Ij-.9KNPj5u3Bmbn-XlY)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Gabe] Intro and discussion about `did:dht` - https://did-dht.com/
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Daniel Buchner
* Gabe Cohen
* Christoph Fabianek
* Otto Mora
* Markus Sabadello

## Meeting - 20 Nov 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/6hxB_2siXKx1w6nvsWL-m092mus9mexYuwD5Rc64vtwQ2sIuQwGk8CQZpLXeHeeJ.dENUBMYCsBKLbukU)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [JC Ebersach] Status update about [linked-vp](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/linked-vp) work item
5. [Toby Bolton] .zkdid - .zkdns - A vision for a publicly owned, zero-knowledge decentralized DNS system
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Tobes ZKDID
* George Padvorac
* Jan Christoph Ebersbach (Identinet)
* Limari
* Otto Mora
* Sam Curren (TelegramSam)
* William Lee
* Phil Wolff
* Nikos Fotiou

## Meeting - 06 Nov 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/uj-IFX2HPHc9vLKcxJaETCjFZftw8zcQMOHMsPbOH_TxIbv0ECOtl0MlL7TXjWyC.kxTD93Us4JaOEvp0)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Nikos] Representing DID documents as x509 certificates, the did:self case.
   - https://1drv.ms/p/s!AqzRT7TbXn4WhL141QGxh8V_83doxA?e=QDi6dF
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Nikos Fotiou
* Christoph Fabianek
* Limari Navarrete
* Ruben Wolff
* Przemek Praszczalek
* Toni Akinjiola
* Markus Sabadello

## Meeting - 23 Oct 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/1F0Yuj2JUh7DoblaNj6dmwflLV_xqiG3EZ2fZBJABpJpN3wRBk7IovdB5Qo8Jv4Q.skP_jp2fcgadS741)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Discussion about did:webs
5. [Work item proposal: Well Known Verifiable Credential Configuration Specification](https://hackmd.io/49Mp8tTTTRKmUGjjkWVoTw)

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Jan Christoph (JC) Ebersbach

## Meeting - 09 Oct 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/W5_Q677a3kd9kcAhSqk1PjAIaNHfGJueTvWMqKQdGPI1Mgkemi5QIR4e11BrN5oq.LplfBUbOPVHArTYF)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [é©¬è‹¥é¾™ / Ma Ruolong] Presentation of Xinghuo BIF and did:bid by China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) [slides](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/blob/main/agenda-files/%E3%80%90DIF%E3%80%91Intro%20to%20Xinghuo%20%26%20China%20SIG%20proposals.pdf)
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Chiye Sun - CAICT
* ma ruolong
* Markus Sabadello
* JC (identinet)
* Tom Jones
* Alen Horvat

## Meeting - 25 Sep 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/HVgZ5nNvE0FsGOQY1KbVagxbN3losTJw_Pe2FgQFXTHN9LWKCZfP8DEGwPxpgPYs.TpTg-vfwwQxdGtCt)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. (Bryan Newbold, Dmitri Zagidulin, Alex Colgan, others) Continue discussion about did:plc, did:web(s), etc.
   - links:
       - did:webplus https://didwebplus.com/ && https://github.com/LedgerDomain/did-webplus
       - did:webs https://trustoverip.github.io/tswg-did-method-webs-specification/
       - did:web 2.0 proposal: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot12-cologne/blob/main/advance-readings/did-web-2.0.md
       - did:web improvement proposals https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_Iy7W3ONnVUvunH6MTX13bup0Kiy5zC1XG8DGLCqX_I/
       - RWoT paper https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot12-cologne/blob/main/draft-documents/beyond-did-web.md
   
   - Dmitri - features people want that did:web doesn't have
   - signing DID docs
   - hashlinks forward and backward
       - did:webs uses KERI KELs (key event logs) to link versions verifiable
       - did:webplus uses a self-signature
       - hash of "pre-rotation key" (next key that key will roll thru) in KERI and "recovery keys" (hash of backup key) in did:plc
           - bryan: we have a window within which a recovery key can restore control
           - bryan: signing key can also be a rotation key, no injunction against it
   - dmitri: historical doc query (does this VC verify with January 18 2021 8pm's key?)
       - mirko: I have heard of this requirement in court/legal cases
           - "retention period" obligations - see https://www.bsi.bund.de/EN/Themen/Unternehmen-und-Organisationen/Standards-und-Zertifizierung/Technische-Richtlinien/TR-nach-Thema-sortiert/tr03125/TR-03125_node.html
       - mirko: aviation industry has this kind of 30year audit window, even if plane is decommissioned (download while chain of trust/x509 chain and attach to any documents; the DLT was appealing here as a more effective historical lookup mechanism at scale, to avoid huge attachments to each document)
       - bryan: moderators would need historical lookup in appeals, but the current trust model is that all previous did doc states are hosted by the current did controller's datastore, so it's not that high-trust;
       - alex: pharma supply chain use-cases definitely require this (needs to go back many years)
   - bengo: non-revocation check per vM, i.e., "to verify a signature from this DID, first check against a revocation registry for this key/DID, then check signature"
       - bengo: that need not be did-method-specific; could be did-core/cross-cutting
       - markus: vM rotation/revocation IS discussed in did core
           - https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/#verification-method-revocation 
           - https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-integrity/#controller-documents
           - stephen: revoked VERSUS rotated? i.e. revoking a past key kills all sigs, but rotation allows historical query?
           - mirko: x509 prior art: createdFrom and createdUntil set at time of issuance of a cert; 
           - mirko: delete method in DID:WEB - just delete it (that's normal to versioned documents); adding a revoked flag would more explicitly kill it
   - bengo: hashlink to CURRENT did doc 
       - (could be non-breaking change?)
       - `did:web:bengo.is?hl={didDocHash}`
       - sidebar: which hashlinks, tho? sporny's IETF draft is abandoned, but subresource integrity standard in use in browsers and specified at W3C 
   - tombstoning
       - did:web just deletes the wellknown doc instead of having a separate semantic fo empty/dead ones
       - bryan: if a did is tombstoned, and someone else buys the domain, can they publish a new doc?
           - dmitri: account mobility in social web use-case
           - mirko: did:web has only one witness (current domain owner)
   - Bengo - is anyone committed to implementing any of these?
   - Stephen C: backwards compat is a goal for my use-cases
   - Alex: Presi of did:webplus work to date for the recording/record - https://didwebplus.com/
       - Markus: any known features of KERI you chose to leave out of scope?
           - OOBI (out-of-band introduction) from did:peer/didcomm tradition
           - "forking" of DID doc/microledger - KERI has elaborate protections against that, this we don't know how to protect against that without a formal witness/snapshot device
               - mirror on CDNs or other VDRs = commonsense protection against revisionist/collusive did controllers
               - mirko: static backend allowed by did:web (and a target of did:webs/KERI, which publishes snapshots to static backend); did:webplus and did:web2 seem to require a dynamic backend, don't they?
               - alex: active backend isn't a problem for our use-case, external frameworks and unfamiliar standards (much less trusted clients) are, tho
           - mirko: size of downloaded resources?
               - alex: not at benchmarking stage yet
               - mirko: bandwidth to download and walk a series of docs
                   - KELs are strings of delta/patch doc that only contain the rotated keys
                   - compute - processing a KEL versus checking hashlinks on a series of whole-did docs
   - next steps
       - open issues on [did:webplus](https://github.com/LedgerDomain/did-webplus), [did:webs](https://github.com/trustoverip/tswg-did-method-webs-specification) and elsewhere!
       - future installments of this call? propose an agenda, yall!
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Juan Caballero
* Mirko Mollik
* Alex Colgan
* bengo
* Byran Newbold
* Christoph Fabianek
* Dmitri Zagidulin
* Przemek Praszczalek
* Sam Curren
* Stephen Curran
* hans boone
* Markus Sabadello

## Meeting - 11 Sep 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/ho9LNlP-7O_DBLqZ1fJwar3VnUiowfBxkgwmLVvcmB6FsoNr5Hi-EfAZP_jilFZ7.mmWtxunIlTOj3Rpk)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. (JC Ebersbach) Lifecycle of did:web identifiers
   * CRUD operations for did:web
   * Integration with Universal Registrar
   * Slides: https://slidesdown.github.io/?slides=https%3A%2F%2Fgist.githubusercontent.com%2Fjceb%2F4bfcfdcddd2020e5b7e521b9e1044f3b%2Fraw
   * Gist: https://gist.github.com/jceb/4bfcfdcddd2020e5b7e521b9e1044f3b
5. (JC Ebersbach) Browser plugin that displays and verifies DIDs and VCs from .well-known
   * Started as a project during did:hack
   * https://github.com/identinet/identinet-plugin
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* JC Ebersach
* Lance B
* Sam Curren
* Markus Sabadello
* Patrick Herbke
* Tom Jones

## Meeting - 28 Aug 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/GIXG6jGtX2DtWEieQdq0FgX9QiorMWN2E0fwOTqzCVBKMBcTZwnjQEVP4Y_bTIIn.fQiCiNjjUiSgahAW)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. (Sam) Expressing support for DID methods
   * https://hackmd.io/qz2Mbx7_RuOVLf9YQnz_rA?view
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Sam Curren
* DNaicker
* Toni Akinjiola
* Przemek Praszczalek

## Meeting - 14 Aug 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/fGLjVdDgqEdoa8uVFncE2B1WSWTYL3s-HBiZrj6EQ7lq2dJS7KXVfBYZ6mBppPKQ.JhKt-DhXkv3DzLDV)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Special Topic: BlueSky and did:plc (Bryan Newbold)
   * https://github.com/bluesky-social/did-method-plc
   * https://plc.directory/did:plc:44ybard66vv44zksje25o7dz
   * https://plc.directory/did:plc:44ybard66vv44zksje25o7dz/log/audit
bryan@blueskyweb.xyz
5. did:web Improvement Proposals (Dmitri Zagidulin)
   * https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_Iy7W3ONnVUvunH6MTX13bup0Kiy5zC1XG8DGLCqX_I/

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Dmitri Zagidulin
* Bryan Newbold
* Benjamin Goering
* Christoph Fabianek
* Clare Nelson
* Denver Naicker
* Limari
* Wendy Seltzer
* bumblefudge

## ~~Meeting - 31 Jul 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## ~~Meeting - 17 Jul 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 03 Jul 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/K9jYJGmeLb7DQ3YmPDcjta5muxk9XpsyullDoYZDCNNGhw4srJP_hx2N9oT4Bfk.HK7GdRgqDQQE8aej)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Update on JSON Schema for DID documents
5. [Christoph] DID document validation approaches with SHACL, JSON Schema, JSON-LD
   * DID Document validation through API endpoints (interim solution):
   * with SHACL: https://didlint.ownyourdata.eu/api/validate_shacl/did:oyd:zQmYc4PjcDZde9NmAb2WPFHZqt6WFdY4tSA37moJgtR3agj
   * definition: https://soya.ownyourdata.eu/Did/yaml
   * with JSON-Schema: https://didlint.ownyourdata.eu/api/validate_json-schema/did:oyd:zQmYc4PjcDZde9NmAb2WPFHZqt6WFdY4tSA37moJgtR3agj
   * definition: https://github.com/w3c/did-spec-registries/blob/main/json_schemas/core.schema.json
   * for JSON-LD compliance: https://didlint.ownyourdata.eu/api/validate_jsonld/did:algo:c93fdef1-8a0a-4c65-8c54-fd33117c9e82
   * based on: https://json-ld.org/playground/
   * YAML templating: https://www.json2yaml.com/
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Andor Kesselman
* Christoph Fabianek
* Toni Akinjiola
* Przemek

## Meeting - 19 Jun 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/c-ku5hzSmTsvJ9SH0Jo8w0F0UQIUAf5iiaVIzc7WGSN9kCjG0wd2rOZZXVsRhDev.FUVxB1qLgMAEIHBy)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Conversation on DIDs and Nostr at 1500 ET: https://meet.jit.si/ImagineNostrAndDIDs
5. New work item proposal: JSON Schema for DID documents
6. Discussion about Proof of Humanity / Proof of Personhood
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Andor Kesselman
* Christoph Fabianek
* Alen Horvat
* Clare Nelson
* Otto Mora
* Toni Akinjiola

## ~~Meeting - 05 Jun 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## ~~Meeting - 22 May 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 08 May 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/1E004PvNdFlXsRkO6wntA6GPhVCG6gmqzYa7TpvR6bwUwe457R5cpDIiADbJtrpL.596xSJUR2_grnAB1)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Brian Richter]Â Bitcoin Ordinals DID Method (did:btco)
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Christoph Fabianek
* Angeles Costarelli
* Brent Shambaugh
* Brian Richter

## ~~Meeting - 24 April 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## ~~Meeting - 10 April 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled due to vacation

## Meeting - 27 March 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/jWzfajvOv6o1V91RaqO01Yknz7I4oRTt3PgWqYZJBWggoyK5nlVCr_uhzBSaTgw8.NDk1S-IUwxHCW7Jd)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. DIDs for legal entities and natural persons
   * GDPR, unlinking VCs from DIDs, account abstraction, ZKs, etc.
5. Introduction of `did:polygonid` by Otto Mora
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Otto Mora
* Christoph Fabianek
* Clare Nelson
* Juan Caballero
* Limari Navarrete
* Toni Akinjiola

## Meeting - 13 March 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/YFMe6yOdTSIZNCxo2g1zNGOBoz3hAMuMpqEGcmdIgf53em-zStkL-1NXeZxCsaox.OEwDYP0vrFABthNj)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Cheqd] New Universal Registrar driver for did:cheqd:
   * https://docs.cheqd.io/identity/architecture/adr-list/adr-004-did-registrar
   * https://did-registrar.cheqd.net/api-docs/
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Tom Jones
* Toni Akinjiola
* Ankur Banerjee
* FÃ¡bio Pinheiro
* Angeles Costarelli

## Meeting - 27 February 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/ekXoiTCtYPjEQA8wrNG3sIYk87WDuuk2j3YhQIi2f3X-hPf1nXFf4NhUhQgN9UoU.G5lO8XnZygkgkDIo)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. New Universal Registrar driver for did:cheqd
5. Driver development for Universal Resolver and Universal Registrar
   * https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver/blob/main/docs/driver-development.md
   * https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-registrar/blob/main/docs/driver-development.md
6. Continued discussion about versionTime parameter, in combination with timestamping service on a VC
7. DID document validation with DID Lint
   * Discussion about integrating DID Lint with Universal Resolver, to highlight problems with methods/drivers
   * Use of Github actions and Github pages
   * Structure of a .json file with DID Lint results
   * https://didlint.ownyourdata.eu/
8. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Toni Akinjiola
* Angeles Costarelli
* Christoph Fabianek
* FÃ¡bio Pinheiro

## ~~Meeting - 13 February 2023 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 30 January 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/RoL3Ld5ifJ1Up8MLIFcLtabS-id0PNelCdevxuryub2Qow9w5HagGn-na1mYWqrS.C-SczwBNMk_xsjC8)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Timing issues and guarantees
   * Time of rotating and revoking keys in DID documents (versionId, versionTime, etc.)
   * Time of credential issuance (validFrom, validUntil, iat, exp, etc.)
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Alen Horvat
* Christoph Fabianek
* Toni Akinjiola
* Salustiano ZavalÃ­a
* Angeles Costarelli

## Meeting - 16 January 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/du6dAcLezEk8rmt4aanB0nOSXSaPyuVa6WU1ufMHyyf98UEDcSaOTns1nwLx1NY1.UPo6qLhaqs1M5yFJ)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Quick note about "Grand Unified Theory of Trust" presentation by Daniel Hardman: https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/3T2MqVs6gUCnAosPzcegAPq_6dFN8i3zkuKI04nSlPnTaHTDs0tWusbX5G_-FH-Y.pS40kM3zazC_MaYz
5. [Christoph] DID Lint - The DID Validator: https://didlint.ownyourdata.eu
   * Based on SOyA (Semantic Overlay Architecture - https://www.ownyourdata.eu/en/soya/)
   * Start with a data structure description, then transform it to JSON-LD and SHACL to perform validation
   * Generic approach, can also be applied to VC, VP, etc.
   * Some discussion about resolvers, DID Lint could be integrated into a CI/CD pipeline
   * Can be run as API, or locally as Docker container
   * Discussion about relationship to DID test suite (https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/)
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Christoph Fabianek
* Sebastian Haas
* Markus Sabadello
* Bernhard Fuchs
* Jan Lindquist
* Rob Aaron
* Tom Jones
* Toni Akinjiola
* Veikko E
   
## Meeting - 02 January 2023 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/iNt4O4pN3Ul05pfcusvsIlaGijlLNebpBBeWTckBFEdlcFjKirncc89JM6kCw2vo.LO_m7tnAL4451v0E)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Short discussion about DID Lint service available here: https://didlint.ownyourdata.eu
   * Relationship to W3C DID test suite (https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/) and DIF Universal Resolver (https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver)
   * We will have a presentation by Christoph Fabianek about the DID Lint service on the next call

### Attendees

* Christoph Fabianek
* Markus Sabadello
* Jan
* Sebastian Haas

## Meeting - 19 December 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/wWqh5QeNY56uluQzB6XH4CRFcTk_f_I7nJPQxWruwhzem0vvFjdtnFORNOSfQLlB.xTRApx-MVpSumYPz)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. General discussion, roadmap, plans for 2023
5. Other topics?

## ~~Meeting - 05 December 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 21 November 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/T0emEKPUYH5jofA8EApaPnNou4C7geE__hCxs2oGI1r1Vf46QJJNKLrZiHM0MfSj.iZ7XtSb94zwHkt0R)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Report from Internet Identity Workshop #35
5. DIDs with public key as identifier 
6. Other topics?

## Meeting - 07 November 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/dA1CvIo5V0o2VP5q-wMJOERjVFPhuMUma-kXQRGY77uYa0NL8DPTxATYrjTOjwyB.cIAQ3H1EYGNt04MC)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. IIW plans?
4. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
5. [Nikos, Antonio, others] Off-chain DIDs, KILT "light DIDs", did:self, ...
6. Other topics?

## ~~Meeting - 24 October 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## ~~Meeting - 10 October 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## ~~Meeting - 26 September 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled due to Rebooting-the-Web-of-Trust 11

## ~~Meeting - 12 September 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled due to W3C TPAC

## ~~Meeting - 29 August 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 15 August 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 01 August 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 18 July 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 04 July 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 20 June 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ - canceled (due to travel)

## ~~Meeting - 06 June 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ - canceled (due to holidays)

## Meeting - 23 May 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/MEvJovrbEhoN2dBMAZNfMh1vMRa2zzanti7xVqZcewnBj4P1CLwNBNeJectG0Jk6.LCf8gblvHctOOqPQ)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Short discussion about EU Digital Identity Wallet, EBSI/ESSIF, eIDAS 2.0, VCs, ISO mDL, etc.
5. [Christoph] Displaying / rendering the content of a DID document 
    * Presentation of Semantic Overlay Architecture (SOyA), work done together with IDunion
    * Definition of a data model using a .yml file, then transformation to different representations
    * Demo of command line tool, and automatically rendered UI
    * Some discussion about JSON-LD, RDF, content-addressing
    * Use of overlays, SHACL
    * Discussion about DID document data model, and how it could be modeled/transformed with SOyA
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Chris Kelly
* Markus Sabadello
* Dan Bachenheimer
* Christoph Fabianek
* Tom Jones
* Kabir Maiga

## Meeting - 09 May 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/tbFm82xYU3yRi9e9fprIuWQK1n0spzYyX0VK_knfdt8w5kF-0baZHFxxNH3sZNjj.6qHBLCmYcbzC9bh_)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Discussion about EU "Proposal for Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation" - https://ec.europa.eu/environment/publications/proposal-ecodesign-sustainable-products-regulation_en
5. DIF comment on identifiers in above proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yMmu92iPWr7zBGjXUlgQhn3gGOwEiE59Iei1Y4stf7g/
6. Discussion about DIDs and GDPR, non-blockchain-based DID methods, "ephemeral" DID methods such as did:key, situation in various communities such as EBSI, IDuion
7. Discussion about key recovery
8. Discussion about key types, FIPS
9. Approaches to who can update a DID document, guardian use cases

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Tom Jones
* Paul Grehan
* Keith Kowal

## ~~Meeting - 25 April 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ - canceled (due to IIW)

## ~~Meeting - 11 April 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ - canceled

## Meeting - 28 March 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/nEM4Sq8Nfc6gqQQYaebsuoZt9syLApVfByFRjCzqqnKUSSkH7cG7DncA4zYOr6vh.fcUxhhyLmYLotxI4)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. did:oydid Universal Registrar driver: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-registrar/pull/53
5. DID Registration specification: https://identity.foundation/did-registration/
6. DID spec extension error codes for security policies: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-spec-extensions/#extension-errors
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Christoph
* Chris Kelly
* Lance Byrd

## Meeting - 14 March 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/IKRs_Xqvky8HVvMl_4TnydItPutAmO0_CP4PspsCpzdmIzwPBIyIVWxtUGrWtjIk.7YEbBWXRyekHWMqS)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. How to move from one DID method to another?
    * Demonstation by Christoph of `did:oydid`
    * Discussion of DID document (metadata) properties: `alsoKnownAs`, `equivalentId`, `canonicalId`
    * Discussion of signing DIDs and DID documents
    * `alsoKnownAs` is also used by Mastodon when moving accounts: https://docs.joinmastodon.org/spec/activitypub/
    * `did:peer` has the concept of "grafting": https://identity.foundation/peer-did-method-spec/#grafting
    * KERI is designed to move identifiers between different underlying systems
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Christoph
* Brian Richter

## Meeting - 28 February 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/zt45EfQ6BwqTeCCKL40QfRBAgZbvXHr5kSNoiIeZWi5w95LrR9HPnQ-muFhSzy_Y.hC208OpHEUF58eVm)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Discussion on key rotation and proving control/possession of DIDs
5. Discussion on EU funding for EIDAS, digital wallets
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Chris Kelly
* Christoph Fabianek
* TomJ

## ~~Meeting - 14 February 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ - canceled

## Meeting - 31 January 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/Znzkdg-N4zpNpzgV1_0fZdeh5ahGd2zY-Wul8sB83-hrQyryMnCw4QKgpCw46nDM.xPbqrABz8iw1c5uh)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Community browser extension and abstract wallet architecture (continued topic from last week)
    * Discussion mobile wallet app vs. extension
    * Extension comes with default, but other modules can replace certain parts, e.g. present a better dashboard
    * Community defines the (sets of) basic functions, then we define an extensibility model, e.g. what modules can you plug in
5. Presentations at DIFCON
    * https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iX-JgpPdJMRm_Ie62oicKgFNU21zbPAI8Xix4MuyCjE/
    * https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScvLp96rple1UaYp4LpGOGOjvoh-_KwuhIZjA7mtBaB8iOWqw/viewform
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Chris Kelly
* Daniel Buchner
* Alen Horvat

## Meeting - 17 January 2022 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/8b1gYVIeCMccDnE0pDXWB-Qar4RWrhyxfr6CgoYFyJQDIh6G6TxFtV-vW-63zl4W.1nqBHo34Ggyi7M0G)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Markus] Short update on W3C DID Core formal objections
5. [Oliver] Short introduction to https://github.com/idp2p/idp2p
6. [Daniel] Begin work on DID Authn and Authz DOM APIs as a first contribution to a set of Web platform enhancements
    * Identity on the web is not great if you don't have an extension.
    * It doesn't make sense to repeat the identity extension layer over and over again.
    * Generic methods should be available to pages, e.g. a "navigator.did.\*" namespace
    * Functions such as what DID methods are supported, does the user have a wallet, directed DID Auth support, key management, signing
    * Overarching goal: Can we as a community ship a single extension? Enable vendors to have different UIs, but not constantly repeat the same thing over and over again. Vendors can differentiate and innovate on top of that.
    * Community-maintained extension, ships with some basic UI, which can be replaced by vendors.
    * Is this like Web3 Ethereum wallets, e.g. Metamask with snaps?
    * For the ethereum ecosystem, this might be related: VC: https://github.com/veramolabs/credential-provider-eip, DID: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2844.
    * Make some things modular to allow for innovation, e.g. integrate with hardware, eIDAS, etc.
    * Overlap with other projects, e.g. Universal Wallet, CHAPI.
    * Also see presentation by Liam McCarty on 13 September 2021 about "Bridging Digital and Physical".

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Daniel Buchner
* Brian Richter
* Oliver Terbu
* Tom Jones
* Alen Horvat

## ~~Meeting - 03 January 2022 - (1400 ET)~~ winter break

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. (TBD) DIDs as personal data: https://hackmd.io/krdcNluqSnyv-hFdqpVRXQ
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

* 

## ~~Meeting - 20 December 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Short updates regarding Universal Resolver
    * CVE-2021-44228 log4j vulnerability
    * Migration to Spring Boot: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver/issues/259
5. Continued discussion of `did:keri`
    * Witnesses and resolution
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* 

## Meeting - 06 December 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/aKMKVZC4MRSjxqdf9usYeU2mKpjJBDdutZ0SDdeINUzcRm2llb7Yo2dfynbdTb76.CajVWgByFicjN82s)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
    - Christoph (OwnYourData)
    - Wolfgang Kampichler (OwnYourData)
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Vacation schedule?
5. Continued discussion of `did:keri` and relation to other DID methods
    * Work item: Type of identifiers this method supports and their intended use-cases (e.g., did:key)
    * Other work items: How to incept KERI-based DIDs and DID Documents with multiple keys associated with them
    * How to use events and how to use the KERI structure
    * Independent KERI key rotation
    * KERI and did:peer - efforts to align
    * Q: Open topic: How does the method prove uniquness?
    * KERI is described in a whitepaper. Goal: to summarise the core concepts and processing rules
    * https://github.com/decentralized-identity/keri/tree/master/kids
    * Q: Implementation maturity?
      * Implementation by Jolocom (in Rust) - implements the core
      * Other implementations - GO, Javascript
    * Q: KERI resolution
      * Multiple witnesses
      * Direct/indirect approach
      * Open question: how witnesses are defined? (public keys)
6. `did:oyd` method introduction: content-based addressing, does not rely on a blockchain, using event log for updates
    * did:oyd (https://github.com/OwnYourData/did-cmd/blob/main/docs/did-spec.md)
    * content-based addressing (verifiable mapping between DID and DID Document)
    * Present 3 artefacts of did:oyd: DID, DID Document, Log (events)
    * Presentation of the Create/Update/Deactivate methods
    * Presentation of the cloning method

### Attendees

* Eugeniu Rusu
* Alen Horvat
* Juan Caballero
* Christoph Fabianek
* Wolfgang Kampichler
* David Waite
* Joachim
* Tom Jones

## Meeting - 22 November 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/ZKlF60Mhejoa86trp8hpfj1lJJJ0-vQvaGEobbVhK5UbYgV-cSCY90wb5K8b-EQF.wY5vykbc5Zm_UqLH)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Jolocom team] Current status of `did:keri`, and adding it as a work item to the ID WG.
    * Information and contextual documents: https://hackmd.io/@RYgJMHAGSlaLMaQzwYjvsQ/ByAYibtdF 
    * Current did:keri method specification: https://identity.foundation/keri/did_methods/
    * Quick intro to KERI
        * KERI defines a number of events (e.g. inception, rotation, delegated inception, etc.), and also data structures and rules for processing them. Processing events leads to the current state of the identifier.
        * There are different types of identifiers, and different ways how events can get exchanged, e.g. ephemeral mode, exchange with counterparty (direct mode), exchange via witnesses (indirect mode).
        * The controller can select what witnesses they like, witnesses can also be rotated. This adds an abstraction layer, witnesses can be anything (ledger, or personal server, etc.)
    * Current status of did:keri 
        * Previously there was did:un, some features were not yet supported. Jolocom had an implementation of direct mode, the intention was to use it on mobile wallets.
        * Then the intention was to switch from did:un to a more robust implementation of did:keri, using some good learnings from the initial experimentation work.
        * Some work is split across different environments, so besides a documentation effort there also needs to be some alignment.
        * The goal is to continue and further expand the work on the DID method specification, to figure out how all the KERI building blocks can be utilized together in a method spec.
        * In the future, the roadmap also includes globally resolvable (anywise) identifiers.
        * Some questions are still open, e.g.: How is a did:keri globally resolvable? How do I know what are the witnesses? How exactly do you contact the witness? How are different key purposes mapped to a key event log? How can additional metadata be associated with a DID? How do you implement discoverability?
        * Does did:keri by itself make sense, or only "KERI in the context of an existing DID method" (e.g. did:indy:keri)?
    * Next steps
        * The work in the [KERI WG](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/keri) is in a special state. The goal is to "wrap" that current status of KERI so that the KERI spec work goes into a "sleep" state. There are two communities, one working in the Trust-over-IP Foundation (ToIP), one working at DIF.
        * The proposal is to contribute the KERI work itself to the [Applied Cryptography Working Group](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/crypto-wg/), and the did:keri work to the [Identifiers & Discovery Working Group](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/) (this group).
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Eugeniu Rusu | Jolocom
* Alen Horvat
* Juan Caballero
* Brian Richter
* Christoph Fabianek
* David Waite
* Ezequiel
* joachim
* Stephen Curran

## ~~Meeting - 08 November 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 25 October 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/2ZFSWdT_zr3mDkTjrkix1hUOFedffPPBIVy8_gMSl72NWjJdrhJnhBw0ElVHRJJE.nJ0YhL3CL7QAwkNz)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Check status of work items: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/issues
5. Check status of work item calls: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/blob/main/agenda.md#special-work-item-calls
6. Discuss next goals/milestones of the I&D WG.
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Kaliya
* Tom Jones
* Charles Lehner

## ~~Meeting - 11 October 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 27 September 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/_lyRt01Z9Zzyol2wvzy2TA2L5ysVNRY8LXs0iFc5AYqE9_E7vYVXI5Bf5LmXRo9T.HAXkmCWOQJUOm7pZ)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. US mobile driver's license comment period: https://www.regulations.gov/commenton/DHS-2020-0028-0001
    * Discussion on RealID and ISO 18013-5: https://www.iso.org/standard/69084.html
    * Introduction to mDL technology
        * Hashes of each data element, bundle is signed
        * Age over X, selective disclosure is "clunky" but supported
        * No trust in user hardware, all calculation is done by issuer
    * Discussion on difference between ISO mDL and W3C VC standards
        * Competition or coexistence? Both have some support.
        * mDL written by issuers for issuers, more work needed on user and verifier perspectives.
        * mDL is not decentralized.
    * Digital wallets in Europe vs US
        * Who will isse the wallets? Centrally by the state, or free market with certification?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Chris Kelly
* Andrew Hughes
* Tom Jones
* Kaliya Identity Woman

## Meeting - 13 September 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/BVc7JQmm2GXuY4HbHSXwk_gA_nVLV4GH42d19URVxIe6Q3S-LuUWszFSWLwH2uza.x7K2nTmpwSw-yjKO)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Change call schedule to bi-weekly?
5. [Liam McCarty, Unum ID] Bridging Digital and Physical: Make Identifiers Identify
    * **Summary:**
    * Identifiers are only useful if they identify, which requires them to be reliably associated with people and things. In this talk, Liam McCarty of [Unum ID](https://www.Unum.ID) will explain how to make such associations by leveraging the modern infrastructure of secure hardware and device biometrics. But he will also show that thereâ€™s currently a wide gap between how available this infrastructure is to different types of applications, and he will argue that this has been a significant barrier to adoption of decentralized identity systems. Finally, he will outline a path toward closing the gap and stress the importance of public advocacy in achieving that goal, which will finally make possible identifiers that identify.
    * **Notes:**
    * Association between physical world and digital identity is important.
    * In the physical world, we have "built-in private keys", we "are" a wallet.
    * There is a difference between access to hardware crypto on mobile vs. web.
    * Wallets in browsers are really hard, e.g. Safari deletes everything ter 1 week.
    * There is a need for generic hardware backed cryptographic signatures on the web.
    * Standards exist, but are of limited use:
        * WebAuthn allows access to hardware crypto, but only for authentication (no generic crypto operations): https://www.w3.org/TR/webauthn-2/
        * Web Crypto doesn't allow access to hardware crypto: https://www.w3.org/TR/WebCryptoAPI/
    * Calling for community action to support this, e.g. see these issues:
        * https://github.com/w3c/webauthn/issues/1608
        * https://github.com/w3c/webcrypto/issues/263
    * Some abandoned work on hardware based secure services:
        * https://www.w3.org/community/hb-secure-services/
        * https://rawgit.com/w3c/websec/gh-pages/hbss.html
    * **Call to Action:**
    * We need community action to advocate for general, hardware backed cryptographic signatures on the web! This would make it possible to build decentralized identity wallet web apps, not just mobile ones, dramatically improving odds of adoption. Please help the cause by commenting on the WebAuthn and WebCrypto GitHub issues pages, supporting my proposals there, and generally increasing awareness around this topic. This is a technical change that requires a decidedly nontechnical solution: community advocacy. Thanks for your help!

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Liam McCarty
* Chris Kelly
* Charles E. Lehner
* Tom Jones

## Meeting - 06 September 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/IjTFnGLIGDYgxkMUMNNcURIm0xGXfeqN1cL7-0wdCBwO2_953ZVQ06gRcl-6ZI26.GN9THYf393X6ZZ5p)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Discussion in Slack: If you receive a message from a DID, what are approaches to information discovery on that DID?

### Attendees

* Chris Kelly
* Cristopher Fabianek
* Tom Jones
* Alen Horvat

## ~~Meeting - 30 August 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 23 August 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 16 August 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 09 August 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## ~~Meeting - 02 August 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ summer break

## Meeting - 26 July 2021 - (1400 ET)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Update on Work Items
5. Continue discussion on historical key resolution?

### Attendees

*

## Meeting - 19 July 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/Ej0o-3LoCPGBeaZh5xGh_A__kB2Eety1UpIKBLg8hW6TJyh05MyJUFb1z1oGzv4D.TehsRxiRTBmbRBkY)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Discuss ID WG call schedule
    * Proposal to move Universal Resolver Work Item Call to 0800ET instead of 1300ET.
    * Proposal to suspend main ID WG calls during August.
5. Short discussion around Solid and DIDs.
6. Universal Resolver returning a key in a given format (e.g., JWK(S))
    * Discussions on [transform-keys DID URL parameter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-spec-extensions/blob/master/parameters/transform-keys.md).
    * Specification is incomplete and needs more work. PoC has been implemented in Universal Resolver.
    * Parameter is registered in DID Spec Registries (which is a "note", not a "standard").
    * Discussion on trust boundaries and security implications of transforming keys in a DID document (only public keys!)
    * What are possible values? JWK, JWKS, base58, multibase, PEM, ...?
    * Discussion on this approach vs. use media types as in https://did.key.transmute.industries/.
7. Continue work on historical key resolution
    * Draft example of a data formats and DID URL here: https://hackmd.io/P45mLCRHTSWJX1oL1tZXKw
8. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Tom Jones
* Daniel Buchner

## Meeting - 12 July 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/PrLAdGRAzu69kZfC6Q5wFhihryHoW-iR8cnoWFOPEk_2lZsvWDWNuNZ0RT3ZD4pg.N79eU3gruEfvSIfo)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Daniel] Historical key resolution
   * A DID document could point to a hub, which contains a list of historical keys associated with the DID. This list is signed by a current DID controller key.
   * Using DID URLs, it should be possible to point to a specific historical key at a specific point in time, and it can be dereferences publicly by anyone.
   * Maybe similar to this: `did:example:123?service=IdentityHub&relativeRef=/CollectionsQuery?uri=https://identity.foundatio/KeyHistory#key-32`
   * See https://identity.foundation/identity-hub/spec/#did-relative-urls
   * Discussion around how can this be trusted, since it's in your identity hub and you can change it at any time, and this information is separate from the underlying DID verifiable data registry.
   * Advantage: This is method-independent.
   * Discussion on relation between this approach and KERI's Key Event Logs.
   * Discussion on implementing this in the Universal Resolver. This could be supported as an extension of the UR; individual DID method drivers don't have to do anything.
   * The ID WG could start a new work item which defines the data structure of historical keys, as well as the format of DID URls that point to them.
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Daniel Buchner
* Alen
* Juan Caballero
* Ezequiel
* Tom Jones
* Bradley Hinson
* BalÃ¡zs Nemethi

## ~~Meeting - 05 July 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 28 June 2021 - (1400 ET) - [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/w9rAMFSguSY1XdzbxiMe24NyF9YO7Ufo4F8v5CXEL6LSr2Y4e4i9hflgZcVMlU2t.sEbz-h-R8x7ux4r4)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Special Work Item Calls
5. [Alen] EBSI Ledger and Trust 
    * European Blockchain Service Infrastructure
    * List of Trusted Registries
    * Registry Properties
    * Discussion about "Onboarding Service"
    * Discussion LoA, key security, eIDAS
    * Current Status of EBSI
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Christoph (OYD)
* Juan Caballero (DIF)
* Kaliya Identity Woman
* Nikos Fotiou
* Steve Todd
* Tom Jones

## Meeting - 21 June 2021 - (1400 ET) - [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/XnEyQCebJiJFiuG4CiEqMF61aN1f5iytuAyDPbvwAkxOxBMWNtyEInIIimvSUQ_Q.1hhmopd2A1gPXFB3)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Short update on [Verifiable Conditions](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/verifiable-conditions)
5. Review of [transform-keys DID parameter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/did-spec-extensions/blob/master/parameters/transform-keys.md)
   * Outdated in various ways (e.g. matrix parameters, "publicKey" property), needs to be updated to match latest DID Core
6. Discussion on DHS request for comments on mDL:
   * https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2021/04/19/2021-07957/minimum-standards-for-drivers-licenses-and-identification-cards-acceptable-by-federal-agencies-for
   * https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2021-04-19/pdf/2021-07957.pdf
   * Update: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2021/06/16/2021-12616/public-meeting-and-extension-of-comment-period-on-request-for-information-minimum-standards-for
7. Discussion on various eID projects in US and EU
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Alen Horvat
* Tom Jones
* Juan Caballero
* BalÃ¡zs Nemethi


## ~~Meeting - 14 June 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 07 June 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/KTcOkeVl2Sk1qHmhAOgL6APFWn3wtfnFUd8qmqAr0547g3wdht0IHdEUwQwxCbTe.g1gNt5eLVvQ8xwH5)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Special Work Item Calls
   * Markus gave a quick update from the Special Work Item Calls about DID Registration and the Universal Resolver
5. [ezequiel] "controller" property in DID documents and verification methods.
   * "controller" on the top level seems clear, but on the "verificationMethod" is less clear.
   * "verificationMethod" can only have a single "controller", but verification methods can in fact be "controlled" by multiple entities (e.g. see the next topic - Verifiable Conditions)
   * See e.g. https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues/697
   * Seems like in practice we always have `did_document.id === did_document.verificationMethod[N].controller`
6. [Jack] Updates from Verifiable Conditions - https://github.com/w3c-ccg/verifiable-conditions
   * We discussed https://github.com/w3c-ccg/verifiable-conditions/issues/3
   * Preference for second option ("Manu's proposal")
8. Other topics?

### Attendees

* Markus Sabadello
* Ezequiel
* Jack Tanner
* Ajay Jadhav
* Samuel Smith

## ~~Meeting - 31 May 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

## Meeting - 24 May 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/fyXKUjtLFNWNpYWIm9NOih_dC0JoBM2ejudh-hhGgAs2edZ0Dx7VCiPMrmb_-fY.N3TeuQtCei20N8Tg)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Special Work Item Calls
5. [ezequiel] "controller" property in DID documents and verification methods.
    * Ezequiel did not attend and the topic was skipped.
6. [Samuel GÃ³mez Escalante] DID Key rotation/revocation
7. Other topics?


*Discussion topic*: DID Document signatures
Samuel G.:

* DID Document owner signs the DID Document to protect the DID Document integrity.
* Purpose: to abstract the DID Registry implementation.
* The proof is static.
* The computation proof is automated.

Markus:

* The topic has been discussed many times.
* Outcome: DID Document signature by itself does not prove control of the DID.
* Only DID Document signature and anchoring (in a registry) can prove the actual ownership of the DID Document.

Alen: What is the added value of having a signature?

Samuel G.:

* DID Document integrity protection.
* Minimizing the technology dependence (of the registries).

Markus: 

* DID Document signature only assures the DID Document integrity and not the link between the DID and DID Document.
Ideally, you should run your own universal resolver and perform the full resolution.

*Discussion outcomes*:

* DID Documents may or may not require a signature, depending on the registry design.
* DID Document signature only proves the DID Document integrity.
* Only DID Document signature and anchoring (in a registry) can prove the actual ownership of the DID.
* Reliable DID resolution is important.

*Discussion topic*: DID key rotation and revocation

Open PRs
* https://github.com/w3c/did-core/pull/741/
* https://github.com/w3c/did-core/pull/742

Samuel Smith clarifies the authorisation models

https://github.com/SmithSamuelM/Papers/blob/master/whitepapers/IdentifierTheory_web.pdf

Tom points out the importance of machine-readable format for verification/validation.

*Discussion outcome*: Rotation/revocation topics should be addressed in the following meeting

### Attendees

* Samuel Gomez - Gataca
* Juan Caballero
* Markus Sabadello
* Tom Jones
* David Waite
* Charles E. Lehner
- BalÃ¡zs Nemethi
* Samuel Smith
* Alen Horvat

## Meeting - 17 May 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/o4p5VJXfy4lxQSiw7U3XOkX7HpsW0d-azFbnjrDVbKCqPXNa3jjH2HMG5tUhq-jv.kPnkOZWdACjkbhKx)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. New Work Item Call schedule announced (DID Registration WI, Universal Resolver WI)
5. Universal Registrar - an overview
    - Universal Registrar - can obtaining access to registries be unified (from the wallet implementation perspective)?
      - References:
        - https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-registrar
        - https://uniregistrar.io/
      - Issue:
        - Onboarding/getting access to a DID registry is usually DID-registry-specific.
      - Proposals:
        - Consider the most frequent flows:
          - Redirect to a webpage (authentication or other operations are performed outside the wallet)
          - Authentication via API (some existing Universal Registrar drivers support this)
        - Proposal should work for most DID methods (e.g., did:web, Sovrin, sidetree)
        - A more detailed compatibility analysis is required
       - Outcomes
           - Proposals will be further analysed and discussed in the Universal Registration call
           - Issues will be opened in the Universal Registration repository
6. Short discussion about DID key rotation/revocation
    - DID Key rotation/revocation and trust
### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Juan (DIF/Spruce)
- Samuel Smith
- BalÃ¡zs NÃ©methi
- Steve Todd
- Tom Jones
- Alen Horvat

## Meeting - 10 May 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/dJB5z_Ra_l1EKZ4x-eX6eOD4EW9L-ujryCiaRkWKqUl9Y5qnOv4Y8F2NL4FBycMx.eag8Y9U_d4186l1o)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. New repository donations:
   - https://github.com/danubetech/uni-registrar-driver-did-web
   - https://github.com/danubetech/uni-registrar-driver-did-ion
   - https://github.com/peacekeeper/did-registration/
5. Special Topic Calls: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identifiers-discovery/pull/1
   - Will discuss and find appropriate times via Slack/email.
6. [Boris Mann, Brooklyn Zelenka, Jeff Griffiths] Overview of Fission proposed approach to DID resolve / discovery in signing up for an account / linking DIDs
   - Fission's entire account system is built around DIDs.
   - App publishing platform and SDK.
   - Giving every user an end-to-end encrypted data store, using IPFS heavily.
   - In the account system, people select a username in a Fission namespace (e.g. boris.fission.name). The human-readable identifier can be used to discover a DID (using https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-mayrhofer-did-dns/). A did:key is created for users. The Fission server also has a DID.
   - Are there privacy issues with using domain names as user identifiers?
   - How can the auth system accept "remote" DIDs, i.e. interoperate with other DID methods (e.g. did:ion)? The "remote" DID could then "control" the Fission-internal DID.
   - How can the auth system advertise to someone that they can enter a DID to connect to the system?
   - Considering Webfinger discovery based on email-like identifiers; want to avoid NASCAR problem.
   - OIDC SIOP work seems relevant (ongoing at OpenID Foundation).
   - IIW had a session about SIOP Chooser (see https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OaMecHecTUexv1skJZoYzJoHKYH8H03REFpFstLRjPg/). Tom Jones is one of the people leading this effort.
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Alen Horvat
- Boris Mann
- Ezequiel
- BalÃ¡zs NÃ©methi
- Brooklyn Zelenka
- Charles E. Lehner
- Jeff Griffiths
- Jeremie Miller
- Juan (DIF/Spruce)
- Samuel Smith
- Tom Jones

## Meeting - 3 May 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/FI1LnLubRA5gVQSDpuHMeNFAODHIplUeHmkw4dAtQYfHhlFmI5KnokUJQ5PsItX6.qUcloI7IEcaaWCOF)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Continue with organizational topics in ID WG
   - New co-chair Alen Horvat
   - Discussed regular call schedule, work items, special topic calls
5. Discussion around persistence and versioning of JSON-LD contexts, and implications on Linked Data Signatures
6. Discussion around data structures and other topics in the CCG's [Universal Wallet 2020 specification](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/universal-wallet-interop-spec/)
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Orie Steele (Transmute)
- Samuel Smith
- Alen Horvat
- BalÃ¡zs NÃ©methi
- Tom Jones

## Meeting - 26 Apr 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/L4-ouKq8Ow6vr_iBXpSAzIBViBcsMgn8ONvSN1LjP5HvrWh1zH_88xQJEfQo5vEt.jCK8KBXTGWP5SYNA)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Organizational topics in ID WG
   - Sam Smith will step down as co-chair
   - Alen Horvat proposed as new co-chair
   - If there are any other proposals for co-chairs, or questions/feedback from the WG, please ask in our Slack channel
   - Consider changing the schedule of future calls (e.g. bi-weekly regular calls, with Special Topic calls)
5. Report-out from IIW
   - SIOP Chooser: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OaMecHecTUexv1skJZoYzJoHKYH8H03REFpFstLRjPg/
   - Universal Resolver Driver Policy Discussion: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LFl38lcJc1keadiyVUC-Q1Nm5vqPp8XjZFifyKcx9hg/
   - DID resolution over DIDComm to a Universal Resolver: https://docs.google.com/document/d/178qwAlv2nnRRtm7UcKUoo4NWOrYa1q_DAoE1Lq5VqHc/
6. Discussion around .well-known and did:web
   - Dmitri is willing to give an update on latest developments
7. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Dmitri Zagidulin
- Juan Caballero
- Samuel Smith
- Alen Horvat
- BalÃ¡zs NÃ©methi
- Tom Jones

## Meeting - 19 Apr 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/WBSb2xTZrQUHDIcZxT6DCwsR3PoFaC8NchwkDuiD69afFmb-ppq5ikfxHWHlzUiv.JBgNWYJ2c1cvmmT4)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Markus, Bernhard, Niclas] Updates to Universal Resolver/Registrar configuration, and work on Helm charts:
   - https://github.com/decentralized-identity/charts
5. [Philip Feairheller, Sam Smith] KERI-based DID methods, and use of DID Resolution metadata
   - https://identity.foundation/keri/did_methods/

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Tom Jones
- Juan Caballero
- BalÃ¡zs NÃ©methi
- Bernhard Fuchs
- Niclas Mietz (Spherity)
- Philip Feairheller
- Samuel Smith

## Meeting - 12 Apr 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/niTBa-OkQM8TKekIrGrSIToKeDpAAcWi-oyuYLnmw9pWh_AaI0BIOvpSkObAVrY.64bNtJZGZYPLchQ4)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Breaking changes in DID Core JSON-LD context:
   - https://github.com/w3c/did-spec-registries/pull/277
   - Strictly speaking, all UR DID method implementations are now broken.
   - Discussion around changing JSON-LD contexts, caching, versioning, hashlinks
   - UR could implement a "fixing layer" for a transitional period, and simultaneously try to motivate implementers to fix their drivers.
5. Universal Resolver policy questions about driver submission and maintenance
   - https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver/issues/186
   - UR currently supports several DID methods that are not in the DID spec registries.
   - Probably we should have stricter policies going forward (e.g. only accept drivers for DID methods in the W3C method registry)
   - We will work on a proposal and present to the group.
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Samuel Smith
- Bernhard Fuchs
- Charles E. Lehner
- David Waite
- Juan (DIF)
- Philip Feairheller
- Tom Jones

## ~~Meeting - 05 Apr 2021 - (1400 ET)~~ canceled

(Canceled due to Easter holidays)

## Meeting - 29 Mar 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/_vlidBcKhTDELUM61CRrhBbQtwHvpkyyX9JbDxISIyBRmjfAKjPxlbd5GkGQcQyw.oIl-3qY9zbRCT9XY)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Review DID WG test suite: https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/
   - The repo has issues for each part of the DID Core spec. Some PRs exist already to implement the tests.
   - Overall structure of test suite will probably still change (location of input files, re-use of test code, etc.)
   - Discussion if implementers will simply submit their result data, or if the test suite will have a "dynamic" execution component that automatically tests implementations.
5. Other news from W3C DID WG.
   - Discussed timeline and what the current "CR" state means: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nSLk3cwJ8CanDoMLsO_JS3-ltBEeM8HZVXSsAZbrIl4/
   - Discussed policies of DID Spec Registries from last few DID WG calls:
     - https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/Meetings/Minutes/2021-03-11-did-topic
     - https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/Meetings/Minutes/2021-03-16-did-topic
     - https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/Meetings/Minutes/2021-03-23-did
6. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Juan Caballero
- Tom Jones
- Charles E. Lehner
- BalÃ¡zs NÃ©methi

## Meeting - 22 Mar 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/d509RKfPpnlo53RsCn3gf8MxXJrWy4KzM-Nh40mCEmknRoRYja7d2PaGpPt79gGo.DtEYpzCVMcMW37uR)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [JackT] Updates on "VerifiableCondition"
   - https://github.com/Gimly-Blockchain/verifiable-conditions
5. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Jack Tanner
- Caspar Roelofs (Gimly)
- Charles E. Lehner
- Daniel McGrogan
- Jeremie Miller
- Tomj

## Meeting - 15 Mar 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/d509RKfPpnlo53RsCn3gf8MxXJrWy4KzM-Nh40mCEmknRoRYja7d2PaGpPt79gGo.DtEYpzCVMcMW37uR)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [DanielK, JonC] New DID method on the Solana blockchain

   - did:solid, but not related to Solid (Social Linked Data) project
   - Solana blockchain is cheap and fast (1000s of transactions per dollar, but data storage is not as cheap). There is "rent", which can be decreased but never increased.
   - Version 0.1, will still be changed/optimized
   - Simple CRUD approach to put DIDs on blockchain. Solana has the concept of an "account", that's what you pay rent for. It will serialize a document and store the byte array on chain.
   - Daniel+Jon have worked on a driver for both the Universal Resolver and Universal Registrar. An instance of the Universal Resolver is running at:
   - https://did.civic.com/
   - Some discussion around design of Universal Registrar, e.g. what are the inputs, who pays for the transactions, etc.
   - [CharlesEL] Spruce Systems has also worked on a DID method based on Solana, perhaps there is potential to collaborate.
   - Links:
     - https://identity-com.github.io/solid-did/did-method-spec.html
     - https://github.com/identity-com/solid-did
     - https://www.npmjs.com/package/@identity.com/solid-did-client

5. Other topics?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Daniel Kelleher
- Charles E. Lehner
- Jeremie Miller
- Jon Cinque
- Samuel Smith
- Tom Jones
- Orie Steele

## Meeting - 08 Mar 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/T6NYr7RH1JsH63wPzD01BjKUf20NvqJp0dgswyxDZwhM_Zh4qmbK7enkO9FMLwp6.l9rETyYF1Jt7p6JK)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. [Jack] Continue discussion on multisig and delegation in DID methods:
   - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hxEMQxfNuB6Elmd6V-9bEt0kZqSx-DULycn6CjOpMYs/
   - Discussion of the document, and how it applies to different DID methods
   - Discussion of advanced verification methods involving smart contracts, etc.

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Caspar Roelofs
- Charles E. Lehner
- David Waite
- Jeremie Miller
- Joel Thorstensson
- Juan Caballero
- Samuel Smith
- Tom Jones

## Meeting - 01 Mar 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/Tl6mlvZkoAroBI1-N1m-F8OJBfkLqIn2367vEo9zl2K93rW7WW1S7m3lTUaXYtFb.trabiLuLAlg4FNl_)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Controller, verification methods, authorization in DID Core
   - See issues in DID Core: https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues/697, https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues/693, https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues/694, https://github.com/w3c/did-core/issues/695
5. [Jack] Support for multisig and delegation in EOSIO
   - Presentation by Jack about EOS chain and larger EOSIO ecosystem
   - EOS has an "account" concept as an abstraction layer; the account identifier is not derived from a key
   - Detailed discussions about multi-sig verification methods and delegation methods
   - There is a difference between 1. making a DID method that internally uses these features, and 2. exposing this in a DID document in a method-independent way. On the call, there was consensus that the latter would be highly desirable.
   - Consensus that a new cryptosuite should be defined (as a work item in W3C CCG or DIF)
   - If possible, the [`blockchainAccountId` property](https://w3c.github.io/did-spec-registries/#blockchainaccountid) should be re-used.
6. Related topics in other DID methods
   - Besides EOS, this is also relevant to did:indy, Ripple, and KERI-based DID methods

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Jack Tanner
- Orie Steele
- Caspar Roelofs
- Jeremie Miller
- Juan Caballero
- Michael Herman
- Samuel Smith
- Tom Jones

## Meeting - 22 Feb 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/iGQfodAgAQEy4Ll2Vftd0e5ZVVby70BVaSKPFTCWdd8Ht7M427qb-WnMnVo7Vgg3.Rjv0A-YaHfHKOXjC)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Updates on progress on DID Core in W3C DID WG
   - Discussion around data model and representations, e.g. see: https://github.com/w3c/did-core/pull/679, https://github.com/w3c/did-core/pull/596, https://github.com/w3c/did-core/pull/597

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Samuel Smith
- Charles E. Lehner
- Dmitri Zagidulin
- Jack Tanner
- Juan Caballero
- Tom Jones

## Meeting - 15 Feb 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/9a0qC4ia6MFxzkD69Z6D6b6OUDT8WvsmUa2JVmmyRs8Eg68T5vZ_tzzjzpMBXAZb.WXPHvqzg_oKMP4nh)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. Dillo plugin for DID URLs
   - Can resolve DIDs inside a browser, using a local instance of DIDkit
   - Can use Universal Resolver as a fallback
   - Built-in DID resolution in browser is preferable to remote resolver service
5. Updates on Universal Resolver/Registrar
   - Working on a DIDComm interface for the Universal Resolver
   - Alternative to using HTTP interface
   - Chicken-and-egg problem (you first need to resolve DIDs to do DIDComm)
6. Discussion on human-readable names and DIDs
   - Existing specifications to link web addresses and domain names to DIDs: https://identity.foundation/specs/did-configuration/, https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-mayrhofer-did-dns/
   - Pet names (can they be stored in the Universal Wallet?)
   - Some DID methods may use human-readable identifiers
7. Discussion on use of multiple keys for controlling a DID
   - How can you express in a DID document that you want to use multiple keys to authenticate? Define a verification method that consists of multiple other verification methods?

### Attendees

- Markus Sabadello
- Jack Tanner
- Juan Caballero
- Kaliya Identity Woman
- Samuel Smith
- Tom Jones
- Charles E. Lehner
- Oliver Terbu

## Meeting - 08 Feb 2021 - (1400 ET) [recording](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/DVXYxEfR5oQnhoymvnAP9Yz62RHMaMiBywyDa7OCDnZkiuU0hTyOdNParUNMu7Am.0D-Xam-GWeDLI15s)

### Agenda

1. Welcome and introductions
2. [ID WG participation tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/12hFa574v5PRrKfzIKMgDTjxuU6lvtBhrmLspfKkN4oE/edit#gid=1245330243)
3. Agenda creation/review/prioritization
4. News on [Fuzzy Encryption](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/fuzzy-encryption):
   - Finished work on a C++ implementation
   - Build script that generates WASM, can be consumed by JS
   - When not in native C++ form, it needs a wrapper for input of random bytes
   - Library can encrypt secrets, can decrypt with different inputs; technically different from Shamir, but has similar properties
   - The encrypted secret can be a symmetric key seed
5. News on [KERI](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/keri):
   - KERI is about to become its own Working Group, charter has been approved
6. Guidance on specifying a new DID method
   - Interest in creating a new DID method for eos.io
   - eos.io has existing concepts of "accounts" that could be used as a basis for DIDs
   - How to write a DID method specification? (needs to define DID syntax, DID operations
